thank you for joining us
once again here's the concert glee club
singing there is a flower
Oh
from the clue UV to the glistening
surround crimson blossoms of never
danced your praises
I need a lot of my heart is as black as
two feet down the whole scope I'll be
speaking of the basic tenets honey why
don't we have dinner I think not
I wish that was the way you want it will
stick scrawny and old you can hire me
the way I know what I'd do without you
would force it to praise me I'll send
your stuff any places don't make me talk
so do you
whatever land you Thunder the earth is
just a dead thing you can claim but I
know every rock and tree and I'm so
happy to see so many friends of the
forest do you know what my favorite part
of the forest is it is my old friend to
live do you know well we have to do
something
the forest is in trouble it has been cut
down tree by tree
strings in my roof you're about to
journey into the world of bahasa
indonesia on this tour you'll learn a
bit of the vocabulary as well as some
tried-and-true guidelines for speaking
and interacting with the indonesian
people of course your voyage doesn't end
here in fact your expedition is just
beginning the wonderful indonesian
people and their culture await you
you